#summary About distribution

== About distribution ==

You can download a copy of the official distribution from [ftp://ftp.gimp.org/pub/gimp/help/ ftp.gimp.org],
or the package along with an automated installer for Windows from [http://sourceforge.net/projects/gimp-win/files/ SourceForge].

This site also provides source files and HTML packages in Japanese.
I often update unofficial package in Japanese so that it is newer than the official one (v2.6.0).
[http://code.google.com/p/gimp-doc-ja/downloads/list?can=1&q=gimp-help-ja&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount distributions in HTML] contains the date they are created in its name like as 20100219.
If updated parts are not large in file size, we also distribute a patch files package which you can update the document by overwrite with.
Package file which contains "patchXXXX" in its name is a patch files.

===== Date information in package's name =====
 * Regular package: gimp-help-ja-2.6.0.20100126.tar.bz2
   This includes all parts of the newest document at 20100126 (26th January 2010).
 * Patch: gimp-help-ja-2.6.0.20091227patch0126.tar.bz2
   You can update to 20100126 by overwriting on the extracted 20091227 with this package.

=== Where should I install? ===
Both of the regular version and the patch version distributed in this site contains files as follows.
{{{
  help/
      ja/
        *.html
        *.xml
        *.css
        images/
}}}
(In patch version sometimes "images/" directory is omitted.)
If it is the first time when help package is installed, the "help/" directory does not exist yet.  From the next update action you only need place the extracted html files and images/ directory beneath the help/ja directory.

The path to install the help document depends on each platform.
Generally, you can find the base directory where the html/ja holder places by
typing
{{{
gimp-data-directory
}}}
on the Script-Fu console.  Here are examples on popular platforms.

 * FreeBSD (from ports)
   /usr/local/share/gimp/help/ja/
 * Windows Vista / XP (GIMP is installed under the Program Files directory of C: drive)
   C:\Program Files\GIMP-2.0\share\gimp\2.0\help\ja\
 * GIMPPortable (Windows)
   GIMPPortable\App\gimp\share\gimp\2.0\help\ja\
 * Mac OS X (maybe)
   ~/Library/Application Support/Gimp/help/ja

Please add information on another platforms if you know.

=== About source files ===
If you want to build from source files, you first get a local copy from our repository.
|| git clone git://git.gnome.org/gimp-help-2 ||

Japanese version are already included in this copy: Japanized images under images/ja, translated texts under po/ja, and source text for the shortcut key table in one sheet under quickreference.

On a copy tree from this site consists of "images/", "po", "xml", and "quickreference/".  You will find the same files are placed as the GIT tree under these directories except "xml".

Sometimes some files in the SVN tree on this site is newer than the official GIT tree.  But you can not build any document only from files from this site.
To use files which you downloaded from this SVN repository, overwrite files of the same path on GIT tree with them you get.
Though the way to get source files from SVN tree is
|| svn checkout http://gimp-doc-ja.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ gimp-doc-ja-read-only ||

Of cource you can set the name directory as you like not as gimp-doc-ja-read-only.
It is also described briefly at [http://code.google.com/p/gimp-doc-ja/source/checkout Source Tab].

Do "git pull" at GIT system, "svn up" at SVN system to update the local tree.

The official tree use Make system to build anything.
~~For more information, see Gimp Wiki at the Wilber's Wiki~~ (But now this wiki site is unavailable.)
<wiki:comment>
[http://wiki.gimp.org/gimp/TipsForContributing Wilber's Wiki]
</wiki:comment>

Command and usage are very different between git and svn systems.
Please learn them by yourself since I cannot discuss precisely about them.
Here are something I noticed at GitWorkFlow.

=== About other formats (PDF, ODF) ===
On the build system of the official tree, you can create document in PDF or ODF.  They requires install gnome-doc-utils for build PDF through T,,E,,X system from Docbook source, or docbook2odf command for build ODF.
